hey guys it's lauren happens and i am
sitting in my absolute favorite part of
my whole entire apartment sometimes I
just like to sit here in the Sun and
people watch and or take a little catnap
and have my little garden here I have
some cilantro or parsley it's parsley
looking kind of sad but it's been kickin
and then we have our rosemary whoops and
it's dripping because it was just
watered and we have our basil so it's
fun to have a little mini garden in my
apartment so today I'm going to talk to
you about clean eating I have gotten
many messages about how I eat clean and
how to hopefully encourage you to eat
clean so this is um my advice and you
could take it you can leave it whatever
you want to do with it but hopefully it
will inspire you to be mindful about the
things you're putting in your body and
to know that whatever you put your body
really matters and it matters like how
much energy you have it matters the aim
the way you're going to appear the way
you're going to look the way your skin
feels the way everything it's amazing
what it can do for you so taking a
little steps to eating clean or cleaner
it's only gonna have so I wrote out a
couple of thoughts that I wanted to
share with you the first one is when
your grocery shopping okay so you are
walking in the grocery store with your
cart and what do you do first the first
thing I want you to do is fill your cart
up with veggies up with fruit with nuts
with grains anything that doesn't really
have a label you pick up almonds you
know it's almonds you pick up asparagus
you know dis various you pick up quinoa
you know it's quinoa so there's not much
of a process with these things so you
know that I'm almonds or any kind of
vegetable or fruit or nut doesn't go
through a huge process when you pick up
a bag of chips you know it goes through
a process I don't think too much about
the calories I think rather what am I
putting my body how is it
going to fuel me how is it from the
earth is it natural is it clean is it
organic if you start thinking that way I
believe that you don't really need to
start you don't need to think as much
about the calories you don't need to
worry about how many calories does this
have because your body is gonna process
so much more efficiently once it's clean
and once you don't have all that process
chemicals and stuff in your food if that
makes sense so read your ingredient so
let's say that cleaning is hard for you
right now take a look at some of the
ingredients in some of the foods you're
eating now you don't understand some of
the ingredients if you can't read the
ingredient that's probably not the best
for you I personally would have put in
my body some things I do but most of
them I try to steer away from so let us
say you have um your absolute favorite
hummus hummus is a good food right and
it's awesome and some of its process
some of its not but what I try to do is
I try to make things home mate and yet
it takes more time but you can make
literally anything from scratch anything
so look at the recipe for ketchup
ketchup homemade bread crumbs homemade
almond milk homemade you are going to
know what you're putting into your dish
into your whatever you're going to make
into your chips you can make homemade
chips you can make it with and drum kind
of potatoes you can make with kale you
can make spinach ships so my what I
would love for you to do is try to pick
take one thing that you eat a lot of its
package let's say it's a granola bar
look up a recipe on how to make a hole
made granola bar or salad dressing you
have a lot great your salad dressing is
how may get some kind of stuff in it
that you don't know what it is make
homemade salad dressing vinegar oil you
can add Buster you can do a london-based
dressing so this is specifically about
me eating so all these things your
transitions are making is your steering
away from things that are packaged and
your
trying to make them not packaged makes
them cool if you have questions please
comment below I'll be happy to answer
all the questions that I can okay next
add fruits and vegetables to every meal
so I would say first as a vegetable to
every meal so let's look Nick's the
fruits one out and try to add a
vegetable to every meal and you're
thinking oh man how am I gonna add
vegetable for breakfast okay one of my
favorite dishes is Ezekiel bread toasted
and then you're gonna add an avocado
spread on top avocado a vegetable BAM
it's creamy it's yummy has such amazing
good fats for you it's filling and it's
so good or you can make an egg and you
can cut up tomatoes and cucumbers and
bam have a tomato cucumber cucumber
Mediterranean salad yummm for breakfast
yeah I totally do it if that's not your
thing bandit grab a fruit you can grab a
banana or an apple with some almonds so
try and get a vegetable or fruit in
every meal so I would say vegetable and
every meal and fruit mostly just for
breakfast but if you want it for a
dessert I love fruit eat them and enjoy
them so let's say you have a lunch
you're used to eating a turkey sandwich
or you're used to eating um yeah stick
with the turkey sandwich so then a plain
turkey sandwich add some cucumbers in
there add some tomatoes in there add
some less slowly start incorporating
more and more vegetables into your meals
and then you'll see for dinner you make
a huge veggie stir-fry or you have a
butternut squash you'll see that as you
start adding more fruits and vegetables
into your meals then the other stuff
will start getting pushed aside so try
to put a vegetable in every meal and a
fruit big breakfast if you can't figure
out how to put a vegetable into it okay
oh no I had another page we went here we
go I knew I had it
okay I think we got it all this is just
a little scratch so pretty much um I
hope this helped you I hope you can
learn something from this video on how
to start eating clean on different steps
that you can take to be more aware what
you're putting in your body so let me
know in the comments below if this video
was helpful for you if you have any tips
on how to encourage other people to be
healthy and mindful of what they're
putting in their body one last thought
eat things in its original state so you
can think of it that way is it chip does
that just come out of the earth and it's
just a chip no is an apple come off at
revisit an apple yes cool oh my goodness
one more thing actually check my website
you will get all kinds of great recipes
on there I do a lot of dessert recipes
dinner recipes snack recipes and these
are all homemade stuff not too difficult
to make they're actually pretty easy
because I'd really know how much time to
cook I know this all takes a lot of time
in the end the day it will be so worth
it thank you all so much for watching
thank you all for sticking through this
whole video and please comment below I'd
love to hear your thoughts and I will
respond to all of that p